Add node settings to provide default JWT configuration (#16763)
crate/crate: docs/sql/statements/create-user.rst

  Combination of ``iss`` and ``username`` must be unique.

>   If JWT properties are not provided, values for ``iss`` and ``aud`` are taken
>   from the :ref:`Cluster Level JWT configuration <external_auth>`.
>   ``username`` in this case is not needed as CrateDB user must coincide with JWT token's ``username`` property.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure JWT settings globally at the Cluster Level. If both global and per-user JWT properties are set, the user-specific configuration takes precedence.

```

  Combination of ``iss`` and ``username`` must be unique.

>   You can also configure JWT settings globally at the :ref:`Cluster Level <external_auth>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  You can also configure JWT settings globally at the :ref:`Node Level <external_auth>`.
```
